README.md, before:

# ISLP_labs
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## Authors

- Trevor Hastie

- Robert Tibshirani

- Daniela Witten
  
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/v2.2)


Up-to-date version of labs for ISLP. 

This repo will track labs for ISLP as their source code changes.  The
intent is that building a conda environment with
`requirements.txt` will reproduce the results in this repo.

To install the current version of the requirements run

```
pip install -r https://raw.githubusercontent.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/v2.2/requirements.txt;
```

The labs can now be run from this directory:

```
jupyter lab Ch02-statlearn-lab.ipynb
```


# Zip / tarball

You can download all the labs as a `.zip` or `.tar.gz` [here](https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/releases/tag/v2.2)


## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/tibshirani"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2848609?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="tibshirani"/><br /><sub><b>tibshirani</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=tibshirani" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-tibshirani" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13293253?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="trevorhastie"/><br /><sub><b>trevorhastie</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=trevorhastie" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-trevorhastie" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/danielawitten"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12654191?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="danielawitten"/><br /><sub><b>danielawitten</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=danielawitten" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-danielawitten" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://statweb.stanford.edu/~jtaylo"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/341611?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Jonathan Taylor"/><br /><sub><b>Jonathan Taylor</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=jonathan-taylor" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-jonathan-taylor" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

comment on jupyterlab not being a requirement

README.md, after:

# ISLP_labs
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## Authors

- Trevor Hastie

- Robert Tibshirani

- Daniela Witten
  
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/v2.2)

### ISLP

Please ensure you have followed the installation instructions for
[ISLP](https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP). This will address
installation of [jupyterlab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab)
if necessary, which is not included as a requirement of the labs.

### Up-to-date version of labs for ISLP. 

This repo will track labs for ISLP as their source code changes.  The
intent is that building a conda environment with
`requirements.txt` will reproduce the results in this repo.

To install the current version of the requirements run

```
pip install -r https://raw.githubusercontent.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/v2.2/requirements.txt;
```

The labs can now be run from this directory:

```
jupyter lab Ch02-statlearn-lab.ipynb
```


# Zip / tarball

You can download all the labs as a `.zip` or `.tar.gz` [here](https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/releases/tag/v2.2)


## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/tibshirani"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2848609?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="tibshirani"/><br /><sub><b>tibshirani</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=tibshirani" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-tibshirani" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13293253?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="trevorhastie"/><br /><sub><b>trevorhastie</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=trevorhastie" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-trevorhastie" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/danielawitten"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12654191?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="danielawitten"/><br /><sub><b>danielawitten</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=danielawitten" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-danielawitten" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://statweb.stanford.edu/~jtaylo"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/341611?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Jonathan Taylor"/><br /><sub><b>Jonathan Taylor</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/intro-stat-learning/ISLP_labs/commits?author=jonathan-taylor" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-jonathan-taylor" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
